I love free and open-source software, it can be a pain, but that's what makes it fun. I have been using Linux for almost 2 years now. I began with Ubuntu but quickly grew bored, as everything just worked. I then moved to Garuda, which was my first experience with a truly beautiful distribution. Then Fedora after 2 guys on the internet said that it was an adequate launch pad for those who don't know where to start their journey.  I then spent the next month "distro hopping", I went from Manjaro to MX to endeavour to Mint to Void and even FreeBSD which I loved so it now runs my personal website off my 2016 MacBook. (Even though it is just an IPFS daemon meaning FreeBSD is kind of overkill but its also pretty good for XMR mining). At the end of my journey, I reached the point where all Linux users end up, Arch Linux. Though I had tried Void and BSD variants, I didn't really know what I was doing and used install scripts, for Arch I decided to sit down read the wiki and properly install it, I did it was hard and I loved it. Over time I started to get complacent, rumours of AUR attacks, not understanding systemD, not being able to do love level optimization. So I decided to do the thing I had been putting off for years now, install Gentoo! A hyper minimalist distro that lets you do the standard minimalist things of picking your partition table, your file systems, your kernel versions your hardware drivers, your keyboard mappings, your wifi configs, your DNS lookups and even your mac address, the coolest part however is it lets you manually configure the Linux Kernel. I was always scared as there are over 600 configuration options, but I realised I was never really scared, just busy trying to build dapps and video games. The challenge was thrilling, installing the base system was easy enough, the community written documentation is incredible. I did run into a couple of errors and had to reinstall the system maybe 8 times, but I didn't care; every time I messed up and the system would break, or I type nvme0n1p1 instead of nvem0n1p3 causing me to have to wipe the system and start from the beginning, I found the installation process getting easier and easier. When I  finally got to configuring the kernel I didn't understand half of the options. On my first try, I just checked options that I recognised, much like a monkey picking bananas. This broke the system every time, but I still tried about 5 times till I realised I needed to read more of the documentation. So I did, I also didn't sleep that night, but now can tell you all about IOPERM and IOPL emulators and why you should or shouldn't have Multi-core scheduler support on your XEON hardware. I had to become extremely internet with my hardware to build the system, luckily for the first 2 machines I installed it on, I built them so it was not a problem. When I tried installing it on an ASUS laptop I reached some problems. The CMOS chip was fried, and it's not like a desktop motherboard where you can pop it out, so I had to short circuit the board with cables I repurposed from my dead fan. I really didn't think it would work but it got me a working screen. The next problem was knowing what was in the machine, unfortunately, the company documentation was not exactly, to put it politely, informative at all. This was fun though as I got to take apart the system and look up the tags for each part. It took me around 10 hrs to just get a shell prompt up, but I was so happy when I saw the blinking cursor. It's still broken in a lot of ways, it's still missing pretty core utils, but I can put the result aside when I get to reflect on how fun the journey was.